Update regression-testing.md (#1925)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/113-qa/content/100-qa-basics/107-testing-techniques/100-functional-testing/regression-testing.md

> # Regression testing
> Regression Testing is defined as a type of software testing to confirm that a recent program or code change has not adversely affected existing features. Regression testing is a black box testing techniques. Test cases are re-executed to check the previous functionality of the application is working fine, and the new changes have not produced any bugs.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.javatpoint.com/regression-testing'>Regression Testing,</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.guru99.com/regression-testing.html'>What is Regression Testing with Test Cases</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Regression Testing

Regression Testing is a type of software testing to confirm that a recent program or code change has not adversely affected existing features. Regression testing is a black box testing technique. Test cases are re-executed to check the previous functionality of the application is working fine and that the new changes have not produced any bugs.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.javatpoint.com/regression-testing'>Regression Testing</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.guru99.com/regression-testing.html'>What is Regression Testing with Test Cases</BadgeLink>
```
